Support for `--repositories` option (#667)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-dev: packages/ckeditor5-dev-tests/README.md

#### CLI options

* `browsers` - Browsers which will be used to run the tests. Also available as an alias: `-b`.
* `coverage` - Whether to generate code coverage. Also available as an alias: `-c`.
* `debug` - Allows specifying custom debug flags. For example, the `--debug engine` option uncomments the `// @if CK_DEBUG_ENGINE //` lines in the code. By default `--debug` is set to true even if you did not specify it. This enables the base set of debug logs (`// @if CK_DEBUG //`) which should always be enabled in the testing environment. You can completely turn off the debug mode by setting the `--debug false` option or `--no-debug`.
* `files` - Package names, directories or files to tests. Also available as an alias: `-f`.
* `language` – Specifies a language that will be used while building tests. By default it is `en`.
* `production` - Run strictest set of checks. E.g. it fails test run when there are [console calls](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/1996) or [DOM leaks](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/6002).

> * `repositories` - The names of repositories where the tool should look for packages. Those repositories should be cloned into the `external/` directory in the root directory of the project. It allows omitting specifying all packages names' as `--files` option because those names will be read by the tool automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `repositories` (`-r`) - Specifies names of repositories containing packages that should be tested. Those repositories should be cloned into the `external/` directory in the root directory of the project. It's a shortcut of the `--files` option as these repository packages' names will be read by the tool automatically. 
```
